I AM NOT PAARTICIPATE THIS AND THIS IS FAKE COMPANY




With reference to email received from QSPIDERS / JSPIDERS, company shall conduct selection process to provide training to the students of MCA & B.Tech-CSE 2019 passing out batch. Please find the other related details of the drive.

Website                    :  www.Qspiders.com ; www.jspiders.com

About the Company    : QSpiders / JSpiders is the technical training center and operates with 16 different places across India - Bengaluru, Mysore, Chennai, Pune, Noida, Hyderabad, Mumbai & Bhubaneshwar, also in 3different countries - US : California, UK : London & Ireland.

Date                             : 27-November - 2018
Reporting Time          : 10:30 AM to 12:30 PM
Venue                          : Roorkee Institute of Technology, Roorkee

BENEFITS FOR THE STUDENT:

             1) The students who are not placed directly to any company through campus, without wasting time will get a better opportunity to be
a part of MNC.

             2) Enhancing their skill sets as per Industry expectation.
             3) Avoids unnecessary expenditure.
             4) Ensures students are attending interviews and getting job before it s too late.
             5) Here is a better opportunity to fulfill their dreams or to build their carrier in IT industry.
             6) Training mainly on Software Testing & Software Development.
             7) During training no stipend or salary will be paid to the student as training is provided free of cost.


TRAINING PERIOD :  Students will be trained for 3.5 months maximum on Software Testing / Development that is for 2hrs/day along with their
final semester, considering their availability. So, that company can train them, give interviews and put them to the clients place immediately either during or after their Final Semester.

JOB DESCRIPTION :

       * Good Communication skill & Good Aptitude knowledge

SALARY    : Package depends on the company they opt for
             * Should be flexible to relocate once after completing the training if required

NOTE : Company give requirements to students only in Software company (Mainly into Software Testing & Development) and not for either Support or BPO jobs.

INTERESTING PART : Any student irrespective of their Stream & percentage can take part in the addressing and the interview conducted by QSpiders.

I
