MAIN LINK

http://india.acm.org/

http://india.acm.org/summer-schools-2019.html





ACM India Summer Schools 2019


ACM India Council logo

ACM India is pleased to announce ACM India Summer Schools 2019 after the highly successful summer schools held last two years. These schools are targeted at pre-final year undergraduate or masters students. In exceptional cases, PhD students or students in other years may also be considered.
Application deadline is 14 March 2019.

Below are the Summer Schools planned:
	
	
Dates 	Title 	Host Institute 	Co-sponsor
3-15 June 	Geometric Algorithms and Their Applications Read more... 	NISER Bhubaneswar 	Dassault Systèmes Foundation - India
3-21 June 	Compiler Design and Construction Read more... 	VIT Pune 	NVIDIA
10-28 June 	Algorithmic and Theoretical Aspects of Machine Learning Read more... 	IIIT Bangalore 	 
17-29 June 	Detection and Analysis of Malware Read more... 	COEP Pune 	Quick Heal
17 June-5 July 	Graph Theory and Graph Algorithms Read more... 	NIT Calicut 	National Centre for Mathematics
2-14 July 	Algorithmic Game Theory (for women only) Read more... 	IIT Gandhinagar 	 
8-18 July 	Cybersecurity and Data Analytics Read more... 	IIIT Delhi 	 


These schools will have intense lecture and hands-on sessions on advanced topics. The aim is to give exposure to recent advances in these areas to bright and motivated undergraduate/graduate students.

The applicants have to qualify for the summer schools as demonstrated by most of the metrics below:

    marks/grades in the relevant courses
    recommendation from mentors (the application needs only some names, the selection committee will seek their input)
    participation in programming or other contests
    previous internship or research experience
    any demonstrated self-study experience

Although being an ACM Student Member is not a requirement for applying to these summer schools, we encourage the applicants to join ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, aimed at advancing computing as a science and a profession.
Student Membership Registration Link

There is a non-refundable application fee of INR 236 (INR 200 + GST) to be paid before you submit the application form. Payment link is provided below. You are required to provide payment reference while you fill the form to apply to be considered for Summer School 2019.
https://www.eventavenue.com/attReglogin.do?eventId=EVT7689

And finally, the link for the Summer School 2019 application form is provided below. You can apply for two out of the seven schools in your order of preference. Remember that the seats per school are limited and the application does not guarantee acceptance. Also keep in mind that the competition for some of the schools will tend to be much more than others, and so choose your preferences wisely. Deadline for submitting application is 14 March 2019.
Application form for ACM India Summer School 2019




For more information on ACM India contact:
acmindia@acm.org

For Membership Inquiries, please contact:
acmindiahelp@acm.org

Or, reach us through Twitter or LinkedIn:

